K8s: 8.2.0 Duckburg release docs (#3676)
redis/docs: content/operate/kubernetes/reference/api/redis_enterprise_active_active_database_api.md

        <td>evictionPolicy</td>
        <td>string</td>
        <td>

>           Database eviction policy. see more https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/administering/database-operations/eviction-policy/<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Database eviction policy. See more https://redis.io/docs/latest/rs/administering/database-operations/eviction-policy/<br/>
```

        <td>rackAware</td>
        <td>boolean</td>
        <td>

>           Whether database should be rack aware. This improves availability - more information: https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/concepts/high-availability/rack-zone-awareness/<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Whether database should be rack aware. This improves availability - more information: https://redis.io/docs/latest/rs/concepts/high-availability/rack-zone-awareness/<br/>
```
